Welcome everyone.
We're gonna be going over
what ADB is in this section.
>> ADB is a client and server program and
it's comprised of three components.
The client, the server and the daemon.
The client is essentially
what runs on your PC/host.
The server is this program
that kind of manages or
facilitates the communication
between the board and your host.
And, lastly, the daemon which is,
essentially, just the background process
in the divisor emulator that
will connect with your host.
>> So, ADB is mainly basically a bridge,
as Jacob said, between your
Android device and your host PC.
Now, for our purposes we're going to be
using ADB mostly on the command line and
basically whenever you think ADB you're
going to be thinking command line.
However, because ADB is a way to
communicate to your Android device,
various different applications
use it on their internals.
For instance, Android studio uses the ADB
server as well as various different
protocols part of the ADB to
connect to your Android device.
So on the inside it's actually using ADB
but it's just covered up in nice little
buttons that you can go ahead and
click around.
>> And with that,
we'll see you in the next section.